Which operator is used by Java run time implementations to free the memory of an object when it is no longer needed?
Which function is used to perform some action when the object is to be destroyed?
Which of the following statements are incorrect?
A class member declared protected becomes member of subclass of which type?
Which of these is supported by method overriding in Java?
Which of these method of Object class is used to obtain class of an object at run time?
Which of the following are incorrect form of StringBuffer class constructor?
Which of the following is method of wrapper Integer for converting the value of an object into byte?
Which of the following is method of System class is used to find how long a program takes to execute?
What will happen if two thread of same priority are called to be processed simultaneously?
Which of these class allows us to get real time data about private and protected member of a class?
Which of these is an incorrect form of using method max() to obtain maximum element?
Which of the following statements about the try{} block in Java is false? 
Which of these exceptions is thrown by remover() method?
Which of these is an interface for control over serialization and deserialization?
Which of these methods can randomize all elements in a list?
Which of these interface must contain a unique element?
Which of these methods can be used to obtain the coordinates of a mouse?
Which of these constant value will change when the button at the end of scroll bar was clicked to increase its value?
Which of these are integer constants defined in ActionEvent class?
Which of these formatting strings of SimpleDateFormat class is used to print AM or PM in time?
Which of these interface is not a part of Java’s collection framework?
Which of these package is used for all the text related modifications?
Which of these package is used for analyzing code during run-time?
Which of these is the method which is executed first before execution of any other thing takes place in a program?
Which of these method Map class is used to obtain an element in the map having specified key?
Which of these method is used to make all elements of an equal to specified value?
Which of these method is used to reduce the capacity of an ArrayList object?
Which of these method can be used to increase the capacity of ArrayList object manually?
Standard output variable ‘out’ is defined in which class?
Which of the following methods is a method of wrapper Integer for obtaining hash code for the invoking object?
Which of these methods is used to compare a specific region inside a string with another specific region in another string?
Which of these method of class String is used to extract a single character from a String object?
What is process of defining two or more methods within same class that have same name but different parameters declaration?
Which of these methods must be made static?
Which of these class object has architecture similar to that of array?
Which of these method is used to change an element in a LinkedList Object?
Which of these data type is returned by every method of OutputStream?
Which of these class have only one field ‘TYPE’?
Which of the following is correct way of importing an entire package ‘pkg’?
Which of these method of class StringBuffer is used to get the length of sequence of characters?
Which of these data type value is returned by equals() method of String class?
Which of these method of class String is used to extract more than one character at a time a String object?
Which of these class relies upon its subclasses for complete implementation of its method?
Which of the following package stores all the standard java classes?
Which of these interface handle sequencess?
Which of the following reference types cannot be generic?
What is the process of defining a method in subclass having same name & type signature as a method in its superclass?
Which of these class produce objects with respect to geographical locations?
Which of these class can generate pseudorandom numbers?






